look at that
we want to restore hollow bashed into
what he used to be who knows maybe even
something better there's still a lot to
do but I'm sure we can handle everything
except for that
and that
we'll handle him well that's good to
hear so Sora do you know what's going on
then there's this guy p who's been going
around plotting with the heartless but
he's not smart enough to tie his own
shoes the ones we need to worry about
are the nobodies and lows organization
13 guys in charge to you called you are
doing well who's that this calls for a
celebration
mmm
yes
ah
nah
the keyblade a truly marvelous weapon
would only in more capable hands show
yourselves
Oh
the organization 13
good now we can settle this what a shame
and here I thought we could be friends
Stan
let's look around born oopsie jay-z move
now do you think that's polite shutting
me down like that I said get out of the
way as if you can talk all you want but
that won't change a thing no see that
would work if I were just any old dude
cept i'm not i'm with your organization
nothing any old about me huh tough talk
for someone who stood on the sidelines
well as nobody flunkies did the fighting
oh dear i think you got the wrong
impression you're gonna cry as if why
don't i remind you how tough the crowd
you're dealing with really is remind me
that's right used to give me that same
exact look I guess you think you can
psych me out by saying really random
stuff gee I just don't know
you good boy now what's our role that
was weird who gave him the same look you
know I think he was just trying to
confuse you yeah you're right only one
me
the hollow bastion restoration committee
honorary member what's this gorge you
think
oh now I get it that must have been the
gate yen Sid talked about oh right sorry
to run Leon but other worlds are calling
organization 13 they look
be careful out there
see you soon